CUBRIDMAN-222 :매뉴얼 수정 작업 (#542)
CUBRID/cubrid-manual: en/admin/config.rst

        max_plan_cache_entries=1000

**max_plan_cache_clones**
     The plan cache stores the XASL for a query in a serializable form. When executing the query, the XASL is converted back into its deserialized form, populated with values, and then executed.
     The clone cache stores deserialized XASL to reuse it instead of discarding. The **max_plan_cache_clones** is a parameter that sets the maximum number of cloned cache entries a single plan can hold, and its default value is set to 1000. When a plan is deleted, its clones are also deleted.

**xasl_cache_time_threshold_in_minutes**

>      **xasl_cache_time_threshold_in_minutes** is a parameter that determines the time threshold for deciding whether to reuse (clean-up) a cached plan. It is also used when searching for a candidate plan to remove when there is no space in the plan cache. This parameter can be set in minutes, with a default value of 360 minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     It is a parameter that determines the time threshold for deciding whether to recompile (clean-up) a cached plan. It is also used when searching for a candidate plan to remove when there is no space in the plan cache. This parameter can be set in minutes, with a default value of 360 minutes.
```

Author: 리뷰 감사합니다. 반영하였습니다.
